-: Welcome back.
In this lecture we are going to install the kubectl CLI.
So, AWS provides the EKS vendor kubectl binary.
So, if we are using the EKS clusters,
it is always recommended to use the their own kubectl binary
so that we really don't run into many issues.
So we can even download that directly
using this reference link.
So one important thing here we need to follow
is based on the cluster version, whatever you are using,
here the binary will be available
for 1.13, for 1.14, 1.15 and then 1.16.
So we are going to use 1.16.
So this link and in my documentation,
whatever you see it is going to be same.
But whenever you are going to execute using my video,
please ensure that you go to this reference link
and based on the latest cluster version
you are going to use.
So from there you take the download link.
Rest all commands you can execute as is.
But for the download, the package link,
always go to this documentation link.
So now let's go ahead and then download this.
So I'm just going to create a binary folder here.
And I'm going to go inside that
and I'm going to download the package.
So let's provide the exhibit permissions for the binary.
And set the path by copying it to the home directory.
So we'll create a bin folder in our home directory
and then we'll copy there and then set the path.
And ones done, so let's verify that version.
So we can see it here.
V1.16.8-EKS means like the last Kubernetes service of AWS.
So this respective kubectl binary is EKS vendor,
AWS EKS vendor, binary which we are going to use.
In our next lecture, we'll focus on installing the EKS CTL.
Until then, bye bye.